Update for release 0.8.0 (#150)
ESSS/alfasim-sdk: RELEASING.rst

=========
Releasing
=========

When releasing a new branch should be created to update the release date for the version in ``HISTORY.str``.

The version being released is listed in ``https://github.com/ESSS/alfasim-sdk/blob/master/src/alfasim_sdk/_internal/version.py``, if needed this value should be changed to match accordingly.

Any other required changes related to the release should also be included in the same branch.

> When all changes are ready the branch should be tagged ``v<release-number>``and merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all changes are ready the branch should be tagged ``v<release-number>`` and merged.
```

> After resealed it is advisable to update ``https://github.com/ESSS/alfasim-sdk/blob/master/src/alfasim_sdk/_internal/version.py`` with the next realease version (increase minor version, for example ``0.6.0`` to ``0.7.0``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After released it is advisable to update https://github.com/ESSS/alfasim-sdk/blob/master/src/alfasim_sdk/_internal/version.py with the next release version (increase minor version, for example ``0.6.0`` to ``0.7.0``).
```
